Improve README heading (#1)
vacuumlabs/audits: README.md

> # Vacuumlabs smart contract audits
> Repository of smart contract audits performed by Vacuumlabs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Vacuumlabs smart contract audit reports
Repository of smart contract audit reports performed by Vacuumlabs.
```

Reviewer: This change would also need a change of the next heading: **List of Audits** -> **List of Audit Reports**
